Towards a Framework for Understanding the Performance of Blockchains
M. Touloupou, K. Christodoulou, A. Inglezakis, E. Iosif and M. Themistocleous, "Towards a Framework 
for Understanding the Performance of Blockchains," 2021 3rd Conference on Blockchain Research & 
Applications for Innovative Networks and Services (BRAINS), 2021, pp. 47-48, doi: 
10.1109/BRAINS52497.2021.9569810.
Abstract— Blockchain and Distributed Ledger Technology (DLT) appears to be at a worldwide threshold 
of acceptance and adoption. Since their inception, several innovative projects have been proposing 
solutions to the blockchain trilemma, improving blockchain features and its technical limitations. 
However, the adoption of blockchain as a technology or a software component, requires a 
comprehensive understanding and characterization of their technical principles and characteristics. The 
latter introduces an uncertainty for an organization to decide which blockchain protocol best meets its 
needs and demands. In general, there is a lack of proper testing and software engineering practices for 
assessing the usage of blockchains usage and understanding their performance. Towards that direction, 
this paper presents an architecture for a blockchain benchmarking framework which aims at the 
deployment and evaluation of different blockchain protocols, focusing on different aspects such as 
security and scalability. A set of modules is introduced for testing and evaluating the behaviour of 
blockchain protocols under different test scenarios.
A distributed ledger is often described as a shared distributed database which is accessed and 
maintained by a set of independent, possibly untrusted participants (i.e., nodes). Each participant owns 
an identical copy of the database of transactions (i.e., the ledger) maintained over a peer-to-peer (p2p) 
network. All modifications or additions to the ledger are expressed immediately and agreed among the 
participants using a consensus algorithm. Blockchain, which is considered as a type of a Distributed 
Ledger Technology (DLT), was first introduced within the concept of a cryptocurrency (i.e., Bitcoin), 
while by then has received a lot of attention due to the unique characteristics it offers, i.e. security, 
anonymity, transparency, and decentralization [1]. The decentralized nature of a blockchain, lacks of a 
central authority to synchronize the state of the processes. For this reason, such systems implement 
consensus algorithms, which are responsible for (i) the coordination of the distributed nodes, and (b) 
the validation of the state of transactions propagated in the network. Moreover, consensus algorithms 
provide reliability and liveness to the network and defend it against malicious (aka byzantine) attacks. 
Nowadays, blockchain technology has been introduced as a software component in many domains such 
as healthcare, supply chain, finance, and energy [2], while many enterprises and academic institutions 
are conducting research on how blockchains can be used for solving real-world challenges (e.g., identity 
theft, mismanagement in healthcare, digital copyright & piracy issues etc.). Still though, the wide 
adoption of the technology still remains an ongoing task. On the technical side, choosing which 
blockchain protocol to deploy, and which type (public, private or consortium) is challenging.
Before deciding which blockchain protocol to deploy several questions need to be explored such as: 
Why a blockchain infrastructure is required? How is the blockchain infrastructure improving current 
processes? Which blockchain protocol is suitable based on the requirements at hand? and to what 
extend does the selected blockchain protocol handles security and scalability concerns? In an attempt to 
answer the aforementioned questions, this paper introduces an architecture for a proposed blockchain 
benchmarking framework that aims to be: (a) generic, in terms of the deployment of different 
blockchain protocols, (b) reliable in terms of achieving close-to-real data, and (c) scalable. The proposed 
benchmarking framework aims to serve as a staged environment for supporting blockchain researchers 
and developers to test and validate the performance of a blockchain protocol under various settings and 
synthetic scenarios. In brief, the aim of this work is to provide a benchmarking environment for 
monitoring and comparing the behavior of each blockchain protocol in the presence of faults. In 
addition, the proposed modules enable the user to monitor different metrics and to identify potential 
performance bottlenecks within the network.
II. RELATED WORK 
Currently, there are multiple studies regarding measuring the performance of blockchain protocols. 
Some of these studies are targeting public blockchains while others private ones. BlockBench [3] is a 
framework for analyzing private blockchain protocols. It is considered adaptable in terms of integrating 
any private blockchain while it can measure throughput, latency, scalability, and fault tolerance against 
different workloads. Additionally, the authors in [4] have considered the scalability of blockchain 
protocols as an urgent concern. Thus, they have studied how different bottlenecks in the Bitcoin 
network can affect the overall throughput of the network. In the work conducted in [5], the authors 
have studied the propagation time of blocks and transactions in the network concluding to the fact that 
the latter is the primary cause for blockchain forks. They have also demonstrated what can be achieved 
while pushing the network to its limit, by introducing unilateral changes to the client’s behavior. 
Furthermore, the authors in [6], have introduced a framework for analyzing existing Proof of Work 
(PoW) based deployments and PoW blockchain variants, in an attempt to compare the trade-offs 
between their performance and security provisions.
III. BLOCKCKHAIN BECNHMARKING FRAMEWORK PROPOSITION 
Blockchain-based protocols are complex systems that comprise of many components ranging from the 
underlying communication network, cryptographic libraries, gossip protocols, consensus, virtual 
machines, and game theoretical aspects. In most cases, bootstrapping a private blockchain network on a 
local deployment and use it for testing is a challenging task. It is even more challenging to compare 
various private blockchain implementations in terms of transactions throughput, latency, fault-
tolerance, and scalability. Moreover, having an isolated environment where you can introduce changes 
to the source code, test and debug the system without affecting the implementation of the production 
blockchain, is essential. Implementing a blockchain infrastructure considers several design choices such 
as network performance, network anomalies, node’s misbehavior, etc. However, the latter introduces 
several challenges, while a blockchain network usually consists of several nodes running in different 
machines around the world (i.e., high level of distribution and decentralization). The proposed 
implementation of our benchmarking framework is open-source, and it is published under our GitHub 
repository [7]. Currently, it is capable of deploying a full-mesh XRP ledger network with a given number 
of nodes/validators. Moreover, different scripts are developed for generating traffic in the network (e.g., 
in the form of payment transactions), a monitoring framework for capturing and visualizing data 
produced by the network, as well as, a connectivity manager, aiming for the adaptation of the network 
rules at different nodes during runtime. We note that the current deployment is generic, and it could be 
adapted to support the deployment of any blockchain protocol.
A. Architecture Overview 
As depicted in Figure 1, the proposed architecture is comprised of four main building blocks. These are: 
(a) the Control & Configuration components, (b) the Validators Network, (c) the Accounts Management 
and Traffic Generator, and (d) the Monitoring Services. Figure 1: Blockchain Benchmarking Framework 
Architecture Control and Configuration: This module considers the deployment process of the network 
(e.g., generation of configurations files, bootstrapping the network, adapting the connectivity between 
the nodes/validators etc.) 
Validators Network: This module enables the dynamic spawn of a blockchain network of n number of 
nodes that act as validators. Accounts Management and Traffic Generator: This module is responsible 
for creating new accounts and for injecting traffic (in form of transactions) towards the network 
participants.
Monitoring Services: This module enables several monitoring services. In brief this module gathers data 
and enables different data visualizations by looking at the transactions performed in the network. 
Furthermore, the module reads data regarding the health of the nodes that participates within then 
network.
CONCLUSIONS 
This paper introduces the architecture of a blockchain benchmarking framework with the aim of 
monitoring and measuring the performance of various blockchain deployments in the presence of faults. 
An implementation of the architecture is provided under [9] to showcase an instantiation of the 
framework with the deployment of the rippled daemon. A comprehensive evaluation of the deployment 
is set as a future work. Currently, we are working towards extending the framework with providing 
support to other blockchain protocols (e.g., Stellar, Ethereum). The aim of this work is ultimately to act 
as a common ground for performing benchmarks while stress testing the behavior of different 
blockchain protocols against different scenarios that simulate close to real environments.
Peer Review Aggregation utilizing blockchain technology
J. Lawton, K. Uzdoğan and P. Cox, "Peer Review Aggregation utilizing blockchain technology," 2021 3rd 
Conference on Blockchain Research & Applications for Innovative Networks and Services (BRAINS), 
2021, pp. 8-11, doi: 10.1109/BRAINS52497.2021.9569802.
Abstract—It is widely accepted that peer review is important to maintain the quality and integrity of 
scholarly communication [1]. However, recognition and discoverability of peer reviews in a systematic 
way is challenging because of the multitude of stakeholders and discrepancies between systems that 
report peer review statistics. We propose a blockchain-enabled application called PeerView that 
empowers researchers, publishers, and other stakeholders to integrate and access peer review 
information in a decentralized data structure, such as a blockchain. Furthermore, due to the 
cryptographic, immutable, decentralized, and autonomous nature of a blockchain, we can support data 
security, privacy, and provenance. Ultimately, this ensures that no central or individual entity will have 
complete ownership over the valuable data contained within, while still ensuring that peer review 
metrics can be properly attributed. We provide the initial prototype application along with an 
integration with an open peer review journal, F1000Research.
I. PROBLEM STATEMENT & OVERVIEW 
Peer review can help to ensure the quality and soundness of scientific work [2]. Additionally, it is widely 
accepted in the scientific community to be an important part of scientific publishing [1], [3]–[5]. 
However, as vital as peer reviews are to scientific publishing, the process still has ongoing problems such 
as bias [6], general inconsistency [7], [8], and is ineffective in detecting errors [9]. Due to the nature of 
blinded peer reviews, many are publicly unavailable, thus it is also difficult to credit reviewers, and 
research peer review in detail and at scale [10]. Furthermore, incentivizing peer reviewing via proper 
attribution and recognition can help encourage more researchers to participate in the peer review 
process [1]. Peer review is generally not considered when evaluating scientists [11], [12]. The metrics 
used to evaluate scientists are publication based such as h-index, citation counts or the Journal Impact 
Factor of the journals published in [12]. Many aspects of the peer review process, for instance peer 
review count or quality, could also be utilized to give a more holistic overview of a scientist’s scholarly 
contributions [13]–[15].
However, peer reviews generally have limited discoverability, difficultly in providing attribution, and 
innate problems due to the usual confidential nature of the review process [16]–[22]. By solving or 
minimizing these problems, we aim to give better insight into a researcher’s scholarly body of work in 
order to better effectively evaluate a scientist, as well as bring more recognition to the peer review 
efforts of researchers.
Many organizations are working to solve these aforementioned issues in peer review. The majority of 
them use a centralized solution, such as a database, to aggregate peer review information from various 
sources [23]–[25]. This means that a single entity controls access to this information, decides what 
constitutes a peer review, or who can add new peer reviews. In a diverse stakeholder setting such as 
peer review, potential stakeholders in this ecosystem could include funding organizations, governmental 
bodies, scientific journals, research institutes, and individual scientists. These stakeholders have a 
variety of requirements, along with the necessity to access and analyze this aggregated peer review 
information to properly perform evaluation of a researcher. However, in the current setting, the authors 
and publishers are effectively relinquishing control while these third-party entities hold monopoly over 
the data. An improved peer review infrastructure should be built with this multitude of stakeholders and 
a shared governance in mind [26].
We construct our system upon blockchain technology which is a decentralized, distributed, and 
immutable ledger of information. Blockchain has been shown to be effective in improving discoverability 
[27], [28], enhancing data provenance and attribution [29]–[31], as well as ensuring no single point of 
failure or authority to restrict information access exists [32], [33]. Building a peer review aggregation 
system on a decentralized infrastructure ensures that no single stakeholder holds a monopoly on the 
aggregated peer review data. This could encourage these stakeholders to open their own centralized 
data silos of peer review information to a larger ecosystem. The distributed nature of the blockchain 
also ensures redundancy in case of failure of any single node. Lastly, the immutable nature of a 
blockchain facilitates a long term outlook for peer review data in regards to persistence and 
preservation. Specifically, we utilize the bloxberg [34] blockchain which is a scientific infrastructure 
governed by scientific institutes and organizations. In comparison to other blockchain networks such as 
Ethereum [35] or Bitcoin [32] that use proof of work for their consensus algorithm, bloxberg uses a 
proof-ofauthority consensus called AuRa [36]. This alternative consensus algorithm is more energy 
efficient, faster, and ensures that every node that validates blocks in the network is publicly known and 
non-anonymous. Each node that validates blocks in the chain, is a research organization. This 
governance model works to support scientific infrastructure, such as peer reviews, will be continually 
maintained and in line with scientific norms.
II. SYSTEM DESIGN 
We developed an initial prototype application along with integrations with other service providers as a 
proof of concept in order to overcome the aforementioned issues in peer review, particularly 
discoverability and attribution. Our target users are scientists and researchers from a wide variety of 
fields, many of whom are unfamiliar with blockchain technology and any complexities this may entail. 
Therefore, a primary goal of our architecture design is to ensure a usability experience similar to typical 
web applications that don’t utilize a blockchain. From this prototype, we plan to further test usability of 
the application, as well as explore additional features. The architecture of the application is shown in 
Figure 1. Firstly, in order to interact with a blockchain, a user must have access to a Web3 compatible 
wallet. One of the options, Magic [37] (previously Fortmatic [38]), is a passwordless identity solution 
with web3 functionality that is injected into the application using a common login mechanism, such as 
an email. This greatly enhances the user-friendliness by abstracting away the blockchain processes at 
the cost of custodying the keys to a service provider. Users who are willing to manage their own keys are 
also given the option to use a Web3 browser wallet such as Metamask [39]. We build the PeerView 
application on top of the bloxberg scientific blockchain infrastructure which is ideal for an application in 
the area of scientific research. The primary component of the application is the smart contract [35] on 
the bloxberg blockchain written in Solidity language. The contract serves as the back-end of the 
application enabling the storage of and the interaction with the peer review data. The contract also 
declares a basic peer review data model which includes attributable information such as the author, 
publisher, and a URL of the review. The number of attributes are kept minimal to accommodate 
different peer review processes.
Besides the contract, personally identifiable information and larger data is stored in a MongoDB [40] 
database. However, the system is fully functional without it. The database in future could be replaced 
with alternative decentralized file storage systems such as IPFS [41]. To enable interactions with the 
database and the integrations with the external services, an Express [42] server is developed. In order to 
ensure high performance that users expect in a web application, we also integrate an indexing server 
which indexes smart contract events from the blockchain into a server. This allows high volume querying 
of the indexing server to strengthen scalability and usability.
To demonstrate the feasibility of integrating a live publishing platform into PeerView, we utilized the API 
of F1000Research (https://f1000research.com/developers), an open peer review publishing platform 
[43]. F1000 Research provides a post-publication, open peer review and open access publication model 
which allows for all elements of the publication and review process to be accessed publicly. This includes 
all versions of articles as well as all peer review feedback and author responses. Users can import all 
previously done peer reviews on F1000Research into PeerView. Lastly, we identified a typical problem 
that users encounter when interacting with a blockchain-based application, namely managing gas [35]. 
In order to alleviate this issue, we instantiate a Gas Station Relay Network [44] which abstracts away the 
necessity of a user holding cryptocurrency in their wallet. The peer review smart contract is simply 
funded with enough cryptocurrency to pay for the user gas costs of the application. A user simply needs 
to sign a transaction to add a peer review to their profile in lieu of holding and managing 
cryptocurrency. 
                         Research on Digital Finance Based on Blockchain Technology
Y. Zhu, "Research on Digital Finance Based on Blockchain Technology," 2021 International Conference 
on Computer, Blockchain and Financial Development (CBFD), 2021, pp. 410-414, doi: 
10.1109/CBFD52659.2021.00089.
Abstract—Blockchain has many technical characteristics such as distributed, traceable, trustless, difficult 
to tamper with, and multi-centralized. Blockchain can effectively establish a financial asset management 
system based on digital technology, automatically docking assets of different industrial forms into a 
digital financial framework. It can realize the automatic mapping and circulation of assets under the 
chain, and create an economic network integrating financial asset digitization and asset management. 
Blockchain technology has attracted much attention, but in its development process, there are still 
problems such as inconsistent standards, chaotic derivative markets, threats to security, and difficulty in 
supervision, so that the current blockchain and physical business docking products that can be 
implemented in the market less. This paper analyzes the application cases of digital financial asset 
transactions based on blockchain technology, studies the current pain points of blockchain technology in 
various digital financial asset transaction industries, and provides corresponding solutions.
I. INTRODUCTION 
Blockchain technology is considered to be one of the most representative achievements of the fourth 
industrial revolution, and is "the core technology with the most potential to trigger the fifth wave of 
disruptive revolutions." In recent years, China's digital finance has developed rapidly. "Digital finance 
generally refers to the use of digital technology by traditional financial institutions and Internet 
companies to realize financing, payment, investment and other new financial business models." It first 
appeared mainly to make up for the shortcomings of traditional finance, and then gradually became an 
important force in China's financial service market, especially in the field of payment. Digital finance 
breaks the time and space constraints, cost constraints, information barriers, and customer exclusion of 
financial services, making finance better serve the real economy. After the previous technology 
accumulation, the blockchain is now rapidly extending its application to industrial Internet, Internet of 
Things, smart manufacturing, intelligent investment advisory, digital finance, supply chain management, 
asset trading, regulatory supervision, contract management and other fields. At the same time, because 
the potential of blockchain applications is far from being fully released, it has received more and more 
attention and attention from the international community. Major countries in the world, including 
China, are seizing the opportunity to compete for the commanding heights of blockchain development. 
At present, news and start-ups about blockchain technology in digital currency and digital asset trading 
are emerging one after another, but there are still few products that can really be introduced to the 
market and have been tested by the market. This article will analyze Bubi's innovative methods from 
multiple perspectives through the case of Bubi in digital asset transactions, hoping to bring more 
enlightenment to the implementation of blockchain technology in digital asset transactions.
II. BLOCKCHAIN CONCEPT AND CHARACTERISTICS. 
A)The concept of blockchain
Blockchain is a decentralized distributed database. The database is formed by linking data blocks 
generated by cryptographic methods in chronological order. The blocks contain data generated within a 
certain period of time and cannot be tampered with. In a distributed network system, each node has 
complete database information, all information is open and transparent, and the rights and obligations 
of each network node are equal. The system data is maintained by the entire network node, and the 
authenticity and consistency of the information can be verified without a third party. The industry 
generally believes that the financial market mainly relies on financial intermediaries to reduce adverse 
selection and moral hazard, so as to effectively allocate resources, improve market efficiency, and 
ultimately achieve economic growth. Since blockchain technology relies on cryptography to realize 
global value transfer and gets rid of the dependence on trust, blockchain distributed ledger technology 
challenges this established logical thinking. 
B) Characteristics of blockchain 
1) Decentralization: The blockchain database is a peer-topeer autonomous network that can create trust 
between nodes. Each network node has equal rights and obligations. The storage and management of 
information is maintained by the entire network node. All nodes follow the same rules. The participation 
of third-party intermediaries will not affect the operation of the system because any single node is 
attacked or cannot be controlled. We organically combine a centralized system with a decentralized 
network, which is a practical and feasible path for blockchain to land. Not only that, there are different 
degrees of decentralization, which specifically include four degrees of decentralization, weak center, 
multi-center, and centralization. You can choose the appropriate degree of decentralization based on 
business characteristics and needs. 
2) Safety: Each node of the blockchain has complete database information. When a new block is to be 
added, a consensus algorithm will be implemented on all nodes in the entire network to update the 
entire block information. Data information will be stored forever, and the proof-of-work mechanism 
makes it possible to change the information of the database at least to control 51% of all nodes. 
Therefore, as the scale of the blockchain continues to grow, so does the security. 
3) Openness: The blockchain system is highly open, except that the private information involving 
transaction nodes will be encrypted, the technology, data, and access rules are all public; the entire 
system information of the blockchain is highly transparent and open. If a node wants to query the 
relevant data of the blockchain or wants to develop blockchain-related applications, it can use the public 
interface.
C. The application of blockchain in digital finance
 At present, there are not many applications of blockchain in the financial field. Among these 
applications of blockchain, micro-enterprise chain, ZRobot, and bank draft system are several typical 
application frameworks.
III. THE DEVELOPMENT DILEMMA OF DIGITAL FINANCE BASED ON BLOCKCHAIN TECHNOLOGY 
A. The lack of special laws on digital finance 
Blockchain technology has not been included in the current financial legal framework. From the 
perspective of legal supervision in recent years, there are major deficiencies in the supervision of 
Internet finance, and it is in a relatively vague state, almost impossible to rely on. In this case, once there 
is a related loss of interest, it will seriously affect the enthusiasm of related participants. First of all, 
there is a conflict between the basic principles of the existing contract law and the implementation of 
smart contracts under the blockchain. The relevant laws of Internet finance need to resolve the legal 
attributes of smart contracts. Second, it is necessary to do a good job in determining the legal effect of 
undisclosed data, and whether undisclosed data has legal effect, use it as the basis for fulfilling relevant 
obligations. Finally, for the stability and prosperity of the financial market, it is necessary to formulate 
more detailed and applicable laws and regulations regarding digital assets and digital currencies. China's 
"Cyber Security Law" stipulates that individuals have the right to require network operators to delete or 
correct their personal information in accordance with the law. To modify data in the blockchain, more 
than 51% of the nodes need to be controlled. Once any data is written into the blockchain, it is difficult 
to delete or modify. Therefore, the application of blockchain technology hinders the relevant legal 
entities from exercising the right to delete and fulfilling the obligation to delete, and has a certain 
impact on the governance of cyberspace. 
B. Blockchain digital financial application technology is low 
At present, the application of blockchain technology in the field of digital finance is still in its infancy, 
and large-scale and large-scale implementation has not yet begun. For traditional financial institutions 
such as banks, blockchain may not be able to meet the basic technical requirements required for the 
development of blockchain finance. For the securities industry, the blockchain seems to have achieved 
decentralization in the settlement of the securities industry, but it still needs the help of intermediate 
companies. For the insurance industry, every customer's information and data needs to be recorded, 
saved and copied. The more node participants on the blockchain, the greater the network and node 
computing pressure. Mass data may bring hidden dangers such as data transmission errors and network 
paralysis, which will further increase the cost of insurance companies. Moreover, the distributed nature 
of the blockchain makes insurance claims take more time, which greatly reduces the operating efficiency 
of the insurance industry.
C. Blockchain digital financial supervision system is not sound 
The healthy operation of digital finance is inseparable from effective supervision. At present, the 
blockchain still has certain problems in digital financial supervision. On the one hand, blockchain has 
certain regulatory loopholes in digital financial supervision. Blockchain technology can improve the 
security and controllability of the blockchain system by controlling membership, but it cannot ensure 
that all parties will not conspire to tamper with the basic agreement and ultimately harm the interests 
of other participants. On the other hand, blockchain has certain technical defects in digital financial 
supervision. The corresponding secret key is required when using blockchain technology to conduct 
digital financial transactions. Once there is a problem with a certain transaction, the supervisory 
authority cannot find the key corresponding to the transaction chain in a short time, which further 
increases the difficulty of supervision. If the key of a blockchain user is lost, it may cause irreparable 
losses to the user. Because after the blockchain key is lost, its tamper-proof modification prevents users 
from recovering assets and recovering identities by changing data, unable to read and store information, 
and unable to conduct transactions, let alone declare property ownership, which may cause huge assets 
to users’ loss. Therefore, blockchain not only provides technical means for digital financial supervision, 
but also raises supervision problems for it.
IV. COUNTERMEASURE ANALYSIS 
A. Improve the blockchain digital financial legal system 
At present, although China has made preliminary attempts in the theory and practice of blockchain 
legislation, because the application of blockchain in China is still in its infancy, relevant laws and 
regulations cannot be formulated in time. To this end, efforts must be made from the following aspects: 
First, improve the legislation in the field of computer and information technology related to blockchain. 
At present, China has promulgated laws such as the Cyber Security Law, the Electronic Commerce Law, 
the Electronic Signature Law, and other administrative regulations such as the Regulations on the 
Security Protection of Computer Information Systems, and the Measures for the Administration of 
Internet Information Services. As a new technology, blockchain needs constant regulation by law. Due to 
the relative lag in the formulation and implementation of laws, with the emergence and gradual 
promotion of blockchain technology, we must continue to improve the related upper laws to better 
regulate the application of blockchain technology at the macro level. Second, formulate rules and 
regulations are related to blockchain in a timely manner. At present, the Central Bank of China has 
formulated the Implementation Measures for the Protection of the Rights and Interests of Financial 
Consumers, and the State Internet Information Office has also issued and implemented the Regulations 
on the Management of Blockchain Information Services. These "methods" and "regulations" are of great 
significance for maintaining financial security and regulating the application of blockchain technology. 
However, with the continuous integration of blockchain and digital finance, more detailed rules and 
regulations need to be formulated to better guide the healthy and orderly development of digital 
finance. Third, new rules for blockchain digital finance applications will be issued in a timely manner. At 
present, the Supreme People's Court of China has issued a judicial interpretation of the "Regulations on 
Several Issues Concerning the Trial of Cases by Internet Courts", which provides for the development of 
electronic evidence such as blockchain. The relevant competent authorities have also issued notices 
such as the "Notice on Preventing Bitcoin Risks", "Announcement on Preventing the Risk of Token 
Issuance Financing", and "Risk Tips on Preventing Illegal Fund-raising in the Name of "Virtual Currency" 
and "Blockchain"" or announcement. Blockchainrelated industries have made advance explorations on 
the standardization and related specifications of the blockchain field, and released materials such as 
"China Blockchain Technology and Application Development White Paper", "Blockchain Reference 
Framework", and "Blockchain Data Format Specification". This has important guiding value for the 
development of blockchain digital finance. With the deepening of blockchain digital finance, this field 
requires more detailed rules and regulations. For this reason, relevant departments and industries must 
pay full attention to the development trend of blockchain digital finance, formulate relevant rules in a 
timely and effective manner, and guide and regulate the healthy and orderly development of blockchain 
digital finance.
B. Strengthen technological innovation 
The core issue hindering the development of blockchain finance is technical issues. Technological 
instability will affect the operation of financial platforms and the security of users’ assets and 
information, which will result in slow or stagnant development of new things. We must further 
strengthen the R&D and application of the core technology of the blockchain financial platform, break 
through the core technology bottleneck, build a consensus mechanism system, realize the 
interconnection of system information, and do a good job in information security management. 
Research and develop key technologies such as consensus mechanisms and smart contracts, and 
formulate Chinese standards and systems. At the same time, when we invest the developed blockchain 
technology in finance for practical applications, we should analyze various technical problems in a timely 
manner, including analyzing possible situations and finding solutions. In addition, China has many 
blockchain patents, but generally lacks core technologies. It is recommended that key domestic financial 
technology companies, related scientific research institutions and universities work together to research 
and develop core technologies, such as research and development of key technologies such as smart 
contracts and consensus mechanisms. We develop a reasonable and implementable standard system. At 
the same time, when this system is specifically put into the financial industry for practical applications, 
specific problems need to be analyzed in detail, and specific and adjustable solutions can be formulated 
for different situations and different technical requirements that may arise.
C. Improve the blockchain financial supervision system 
"Holding the bottom line that systemic financial risks do not occur" is the core principle of financial 
supervision. As a subdivision form of financial technology, blockchain finance should follow the core 
guidelines of the financial industry. From the current point of view, there are few application cases of 
blockchain technology, and there is a lack of long-term practical experience and time test. The risks and 
challenges that this technology may bring to the financial system still have large uncertainties, so in this 
while technology continues to evolve, it is also necessary to continuously improve the supervision of the 
financial system. At the early stage of the development of new technologies, government policies should 
focus on support, and its supervision should be appropriately relaxed. An overly strict regulatory system 
will not be conducive to the development of emerging technologies and hinder the development of 
financial technology. However, emerging technologies have too many unknowns and will generate a lot 
of hidden risks. Too loose policies will encourage risks to be amplified. Therefore, it is necessary to set 
up an audit mechanism in the early stage to ensure that industry risks are within the government's 
controllable range. This requires regulatory agencies to plan in advance to help emerging industries 
establish mature industry standards and enable them to develop soundly. In addition, a reasonable 
access mechanism can trap risks in a cage, and it needs to cooperate with in-event and post-event 
supervision to form a complete system. At the same time, we can learn from international methods, 
such as the sandbox supervision model, to promote the steady development of the industry.
V. CONCLUSION 
Blockchain technology has developed from the Bitcoin Enlightenment era to the present, and has 
undergone continuous development and exploration. At present, blockchain technology is still in the 
stage of theoretical verification. The application of blockchain technology in the financial field is still in 
the exploratory stage, and many aspects still need to be improved and developed; although it is still 
unable to have a disruptive impact on the production relations of the financial industry, it provides a 
new operation plan for the trading and circulation of digital financial assets. Blockchain technology is an 
important driving force leading the transformation of the industry. It can undertake the conversion of 
new and old kinetic energy. It is an emerging technology in the national strategic plan. Its future may 
generate immeasurable value. As a "strategic source", the blockchain will continue to provide impetus 
for technology and model innovation, and from becoming an important infrastructure in the era of the 
new Internet, the "Internet of Value", leading the world's technological and industrial changes. 
Blockchain is a catalyst in the process of credible digitization. Blockchain not only accelerates the 
development of this process, but also promotes better financial services to the real economy, making 
the relationship between the two closer, and at the same time deepening Deep integration between the 
two.
E-Chain Learn: A Degree Certification System Based on Blockchain
T. Kuang, W. Zou, H. Qi and S. Zou, "E-Chain Learn: A Degree Certification System Based on Blockchain," 
2022 International Conference on Blockchain Technology and Information Security (ICBCTIS), 2022, pp. 
225-229, doi: 10.1109/ICBCTIS55569.2022.00058.
Abstract:
Most of the existing academic certification systems are based on the traditional B/S structure and Web 
technology, and most of the functions and permissions are in the central server. The data may be 
unreliable due to data tampering and other reasons. In response to the above problems, this article uses 
the advantages of blockchain in decentralization, non-tampering, and traceability to construct a 
blockchain credit management platform for college student archives. Combining with smart contract 
technology and CA certification technology, the platform provides identity verification, degree 
certification, and performance certification involved in college student files in decentralized security 
pattern.
Introduction
Academic certification is a complex process involving students, universities, enterprises, and the 
Ministry of Education. Its main manifestation includes the issuance, identification, and inquiry of 
academic certification reports. The Education Certification Center of the Ministry of Education will issue 
an academic certificate after review according to the user's academic certification requirements, 
electronically registering the report and providing online auerv.
With rapid development, it still exists many problem in degree certification. Due to easy fraud, hard 
certification, and weak privacy, it becomes an increasingly common phenomenon in the world, including 
academic or degree fabricating.
In June 2020, according to many authoritative reports such as Sohu.com, more than 200 people in 
Shandong, China, entered school with imposters. Meanwhile, a number of job recruitment websites 
leaked job applicants' resumes for profit, like landing.zhaopin.com, liepin.com, etc.
The two major issues of “fake” and “privacy” in academic degree certification have made such a huge 
negative impact on society. It becomes an certain tendency to design a degree and diploma certification 
management system, with high reliability, simple storage, hard falsifying and strong privacy[1]. For 
these, we, this paper, propose a degree certification system based on blockchain to lessen the degree 
fraud and improve the privacy security in authentication process.
With decentralized characteristics, the blockchain realizes a distributed ledger for trusted management 
of data and provides a trusted authentication method that does not require a third party [2]. Therefore, 
in recent years, some researchers have also used the blockchain to design the certification system, 
among which degree certification is also a high-frequency scenario of blockchain + certification[3].
Chuntian Zhou et al. adopts a credibility measurement model related to time factors, which might avoid 
the tampering after generated certification, with efficiency improved. However, the employer is as a 
third party at the end of the authentication chain which cannot guarantee the authenticity.
In the solution given by[5], the storage structure is divided into the blockchain part and the off-chain 
distributed storage part. However, the security of the off-chain part is not as well as blockchain, without 
any privacy protection.
MIT Media Lab released a blockchain certificate project called Blockcerts, which is an open standard for 
digital academic certificates based on the Bitcoin blockchain. Regrettably, this project is based on the 
Bitcoin chain which might need amount of Bitcoin to pay off, even illegal in many countries.
The “Micro-credentials” and “openbadges” can record distributed user education data and help store 
electronic archives[6]. However, the blockchain only participates in the recording of data in this mode. 
Once needed further authenticate, other authentication nodes and contracts will also be required, that 
makes inefficiency being the main factor limiting the system performance.
The above research cases show that the blockchain-based certification system is becoming a trend, 
especially for degree certification, which is feasible, safe and efficient. The following will introduce the 
structure of our system.
Degree Certification System Based on Blockchain
The overall structure of the program is divided into three parts: Based on the blockchain technology, the 
three underlying modules of “blockchain architecture”, “CA certification”, and “zero-knowledge proof” 
are designed. Through mobile client and web client, it is convenient for students and management 
Operators, third-party units and other nodes conduct operation management to form a complete chain.
This section will focus on technologies such as hybrid chain, CA certification, and zero-knowledge proof, 
and introduce the technical principles and workflow of the proposed certification system.
A. Mixed Mode Blockchain
The “main chain + side chain” dual-chain hybrid mode is adopted, combing with the “off-chain state 
channel”, to design three types of blockchain channels to ensure that each transaction can be verified in 
the blockchain network regardless of whether it needs to participate in the verification of the blockchain 
network[7]. The system can words, it is not necessarily that every transaction must be verified by the 
main chain, and the validity can also been guaranteed.
The main chain is constructed by the consortium chain, which is jointly initiated by several organizations. 
Some nodes can be accessed at will, and the other part must be authorized to access. It is between the 
public chain and the private chain, with multiple centres or parts, giving consider to the characteristics 
of public and private chains. At the same time, the side chain is used to expand the blockchain on the 
basis of the alliance chain, to meet the needs of each node's information and reduce the pressure on the 
main chain[8]. The identity types of nodes on the chain are shown still certificate normally without 
invalid records. In other in 
1) Alliance Chain Node Type
The nodes in the alliance chain of this system are divided into management nodes, user nodes and 
private nodes[9].
 The management node is mainly the education department. The management node can write 
data to the underlying blockchain, update data, and also assign permissions to user nodes.
 The user node only participates in the transaction to enjoy the service, and does not participate 
in the update record of the underlying data. But ordinary nodes can view the data recorded on 
people's chains and read the corresponding transaction records.
 Private nodes refer to users who contribute private resources to join the alliance chain[10]. 
Users have the right to create nodes, modify the underlying data of the nodes they own, update 
data, etc., but do not participate in the record update of all the underlying data.
2) State Channel
All nodes of the blockchain perform equivalent calculations and store equivalent data. Such a system 
that allows redundancy to process transactions is very slow and expensive. This article deploys small and 
multiple trading contracts to the state channel.
The work of the state channel is mainly off-chain interaction and on-chain clearing, avoiding small 
transactions on the chain, and only need to submit the final state to the chain, which reduces the 
workload on the chain. When both parties have no objections, the settlement can be completed quickly, 
realizing immediate finality. In addition, due to the off-chain transactions in the channel, faster 
transaction speed, lower handling fees, and better privacy can be achieved.
B. CA Certification
Considering the shortcomings of node security and electronic certification, this article decided to 
introduce CA certification to ensure security and improve anti-counterfeiting performance[11].
The system adopts CA certification for:
1) Third-Party Node Certification
There are many nodes that join the system, and it is difficult to ensure the officiality of the nodes. In 
order to prevent the nodes from malicious actions, CA certification is used to authenticate and manage 
third-party nodes.
2) Electronic Degree Certificate Certification
Considering the many problems in the current electronic certificate authentication, the combination of 
CA authentication and blockchain “digital signature” is used to verify and authenticate electronic 
certificates to prevent electronic fraud and improve anti-counterfeiting.
The CA certification process adopts a distributed CA certification mode, and the CA certification process 
is operated on the chain to eliminate the risk of attacking the centralized CA ecosystem.
C. Zero-Knowledge Proof
For a long time, a number of students' personal information on the academic degree and degree 
information is the main evidence for their “verification”. To maintain the validity of authentication 
under the premise of ensuring privacy and security, this paper adopts a zero-knowledge proof 
mechanism for protection. It is stipulated that “students” shall be the “providers”, and employers or 
other verification nodes shall be the “verifiers”.
1) System Zero Knowledge Proof
After applying the zero-knowledge protocol to the system, the process is as follows:
 The student wants to send the information M to the employer. The system network acts as a 
trusted third party and uses the private key to generate digital signature information r and s and 
send it to the student.
 When the student receives the digital signature r and s, he chooses a series of random numbers, 
like r0,r1,...,ri∈R,Zg. ‘ starts to use his key to perform secret calculations, and then generates a 
zero-knowledge proof {c, d, ..., s }.
 Students send zero-knowledge certificates to employers through safe tunnels {c, d, ..., s }. • 
When the employer receives the zero-knowledge certificate, it uses the shared information p, q, 
g, y, M, z, b to verify whether the user student is a legitimate user. If the student is legal, the 
employer will establish a connection with the student for communication.
D. Authentication Forwarding Workflow
The three-layer blockchain channel method described in this article can realize the separation of 
verification and query. Verification and query can be different, and the verified can be forwarded 
through the alliance chain to ensure the validity and achieve multiple verifications at the same time. 
There is also a work flow of the system application in this article, with verification as the core forwarding 
and auxiliary inspection methods.
System Test
After the deployment of the blockchain at the bottom of the system, this article conducted a test based 
on the system's functional characteristics. The test items are as follows:
A. Test Setup
• Parallel Execution Efficiency of Smart Contracts
Use multiple nodes to execute different contracts at the same time, and count the average time to 
execute a contract.
• Transaction Success Rate
Under the state channel, perform a few multiple transactions at the same time, and count the 
transaction success rate within a period of time.
• Contract Security
Use integer overflow, double- spending attack, symbolic execution, taint analysis and other methods to 
conduct security test attacks against smart contracts;
Conclusion
For the first time, the model of “alliance main chain + alliance side chain + state channel” is adopted, 
and the characteristics of blockchain is utilized to solve the problem of degree fraud. All query 
verification records are locked on the main chain, and the main chain links the side chains through smart 
contracts to realize data decentralization and parallel processing. Using CA certification, the certificate 
can be verified anytime and anywhere on the basis of public trust; the zero-knowledge protocol can 
ensure the validity of the certification while reducing the possibility of privacy leakage.
The system proposed in this paper has strong feasibility. As a new idea and new method of certification 
system, it can not only inspire innovation in degree certification, but also apply to the construction and 
innovation of other types of certification systems.
A Smart Contracts Repository For Top Trending Contracts
G. Ibba, "A Smart Contracts Repository For Top Trending Contracts," 2022 IEEE/ACM 5th 
International Workshop on Emerging Trends in Software Engineering for Blockchain 
(WETSEB), 2022, pp. 17-20, doi: 10.1145/3528226.3528374.
ABSTRACT 
Blockchain technology spread very quickly during the last few years and has become one of the 
most popular trends among the research and developers community. In particular, the Ethereum 
blockchain is one of the most supported and used for developing smart contracts, which are 
informatics protocols that provide a higher level of security than traditional contracts and reduce 
other transaction costs associated with the bargaining practice. Nowadays, the transaction 
number associated with smart contracts deploying increased widely, and it is difficult for 
researchers and developers to keep track of programming trends. This work proposes a dataset 
containing only specific categories of smart contracts associated with the most popular trends of 
the last five years. Mainly, the proposed collection of programs contains Token and Non-
Fungible-Token programs, whose popularity has increased a lot since their first appearance on 
the blockchain.
1 INTRODUCTION 
Smart contracts are general-purpose programs that allow secure transactions without the help of 
third parties and reduce costs associated with the bargaining practice. Nevertheless, developers 
don’t take advantage of smart contracts (in particular, we are referring to the Ethereum ones) 
only to build programs [13] aiming to send and collect currency. Indeed, developers exploit 
Ethereum smart contracts also to create games (for both gambling and skill games), certificate 
documents, and build tokens. These are only a few smart contracts trends; indeed, there are many 
other usages for these versatile programs, and sometimes contracts developement is influenced 
by cryptocurrencies prices [2, 4]. One recent trend is the one of Non-Fungible-Tokens [16] 
(NFT). The first appearance of NFTs dates back to 2014, but they became popular when 
Cryptokitties 1 started to spread. NFTs aim is to certify a digital asset as unique and therefore not 
interchangeable; for this very reason, NFTs revolutionized copyright policies, and during the last 
three years, their popularity widely increased. Those listed previously, clearly, are not the only 
smart contracts categories. During the first two years of the Ethereum lifecycle, most of the 
contracts were programs whose aim was to manage or distribute money [1]. Other classes and 
design patterns include gambling games, contracts simplifying the interaction with blockchain, 
and others certifying data ownership. Meanwhile, Solidity programs design patterns [11, 17] 
evolved, and other categories [8] of smart contracts include:
• ICO (Initial Coin Offering): programs [6] used as crowdfunding platforms. Often, these types 
of programs are also related to token selling. 
• Crowdsale: these programs are crowdfunding platforms like ICOs, but two main differences 
exist. The first one is that ICO is not used only for tokens but also for other goods, while network 
participants usually use Crowdsales for token selling. Another significant difference is related to 
token selling. In comparison, ICO is selling tokens linked to the value of the business, while 
Crowdsale is the sale of tokens used in the industry. 
• Role Playing Games: smart contracts are not used only to set up gambling games such as 
roulettes, card games, etc., but also to set up role playing games, where it is possible to shop 
items with tokens. 
• Token exchange: programs used exclusively for token exchanging. 
• Token burn: programs used exclusively for token burn.
Previously, it was pretty common to find contracts whose only aim was to implement libraries 
(like SafeMath), but nowadays, it is very unusual since developers basically include the library 
they need in the main contract unless they are standard and well-defined libraries like SafeMath 
or Oraclize. Those listed previously are not the only smart contracts design patterns and 
categories. The direct consequence is that it is difficult for developers and researchers to spot the 
programs they need for practical and statistical purposes, primarily because the number of 
deployed smart contracts on the Ethereum blockchain is tremendous. It could be advantageous 
for developers to have datasets including specific categories of smart contracts. The alternative 
would be retrieving contracts and performing categorizations tasks, which could be tricky. This 
work proposes a dataset including four types of smart contracts, which correspond to top 
trending design patterns.
2 STATE OF ART 
There are already existing smart contracts repositories containing a significant amount of 
programs. For example, Smart Corpus [12] is an organized, reasoned, and up-to-date repository 
where developers and researchers can efficiently and systematically access Solidity source code 
and other metadata about Ethereum smart contracts. Smart Bugs [7] contains vulnerable smart 
contracts and reports the vulnerability to which the contract is exposed for a subset of samples. 
This last contracts collection is interesting because it counts 47.398 contracts, which is 
impressive in terms of samples number. Another interesting dataset is Smart Sanctuary 2 , 
available on Reddit and contains only Ethereum verified contracts. Another existing dataset is 
available on Github 3 , a repository that contains smart contracts for both Binance and Ethereum. 
Many researchers and developers build their datasets by collecting existing contracts and taking 
advantage of existing repositories, but they are often unavailable. Therefore, it is pretty sure that 
many other repositories already exist, but since being private, researchers can’t take advantage of 
them. The available repositories could be beneficial to retrieve contracts in general, but 
researchers and developers often look for specific contracts categories. Actually, there are no 
repositories organized by smart contracts category. Given the number of smart contracts 
available on the Ethereum blockchain and the increasing number of transactions associated with 
contracts deploying, it could be quite a challenging task to retrieve specific contracts categories. 
For this very reason, it is essential to categorize smart contracts. Also, it is helpful for statistical 
purposes since it helps to keep track of contracts trends during the Ethereum lifecycle.
3 RESEARCH METHODOLOGY 
The following chapter presents the research methodology to build the contracts dataset. This 
work aims to provide a dataset for which purpose is already known. So, the first step is to 
retrieve a sufficient amount of Solidity programs.
3.1 Exploratory Data Analysis 
We merged three already existing datasets to perform this task: Smart Bugs and Smart Corpus, 
counting respectively 47.398 and 1.211 contracts, and Smart Sanctuary, which at the time 
included around 77k contracts. After incorporating these three datasets into one, we retrieved an 
amount of more than 125k contracts, which is a significant number. However, by merging three 
different datasets, one of the possible issues would be spotting duplicates in the collection. 
Another problem is that sometimes source code is unavailable for some contracts, so we must 
ensure that some Solidity files are not empty. After removing files with no source code, joining 
contracts with the same address and different source code, and removing duplicates (contracts 
with the same address and same source code), our samples were reduced from 125k contracts to 
100040. Before starting to categorize the contracts collection to keep track of trends over time, 
we retrieved all the deploy dates of smart contracts. Figure 1 shows the number of samples 
representing each year. The most represented are 2018 and 2021, and the last one, in particular, 
is interesting to understand the most recent trends. Nevertheless, we lack a significant sample for 
years such as 2017, 2019, 2020 since SmartBugs includes mainly 2018 contracts and 
SmartSanctuary (which is the most recent) mostly 2021 and 2020. Besides, we lack all the 
contracts deployed in 2015 and 2016, and we could not retrieve the deploy date for some 
contracts, so we dated them as ’Unknown’; hence, we aim to collect more programs to add more 
representativeness to our dataset for future work.
3.2 Categorization 
The smart contracts categorization step is the core of the research. As said previously, no works 
perform a massive analysis for contract categorization in literature. There are several ways to 
understand the aim of a particular Solidity program. The most trivial way is to check each 
contract manually and understand its logic. The approach is suitable only if the sample to analyze 
is pretty limited, but we are dealing with more than 100k contracts, so it is not feasible to 
manually check all the smart contracts. A possible approach, which is also the most viable, is 
machine learning. Some contract categories are very similar in their structure. For example, 
tokens, gambling games, and bank contracts have a standard pattern to follow, and this 
observation could help a lot in the analysis. So, the idea is to exploit developers’ source code and 
comments to categorize our collection of smart contracts. In particular, we used Natural 
Language Processing (NLP) techniques, and since we don’t have samples for which we know 
priorly the category, we used unsupervised learning techniques. The chosen approach is topic 
modeling [15], and in particular, we decided to use the Latent Dirichlet Allocation (LDA) model 
[3], assuming that each topic corresponds to a smart contract category. However, we are not 
dealing with human language but with code, so we had to perform preprocessing considering this 
fundamental aspect. First, we performed our analysis by computing coherence [14] and then 
finding the optimal number of topics by evaluating the topic coherence. Still, we noticed that 
some of the resulting categories could be aggregated into others. We decided to use a semi-
supervised approach, taking advantage of a seeded LDA, assigning the highest topic probability 
to the topic associated with specific terms. The seeded LDA approach [10] consists of setting a 
dictionary of seed words such to predefine topics and biasing them according to the prior 
knowledge of the domain. The approach provides a set of seed terms of a domain topic, 
associating the a priori probability distribution of the words for that topic. The idea is that if a 
contract contains words like ’lock,’ ’start,’ ’end,’ ’time,’ ’deposit,’ ’deposit date,’ etc., it is 
almost sure that the program is a bank bound with time constraints.
• Bank contracts implement a virtual bank, allowing participants to store their Ether. A user can 
withdraw his money at any moment. This category is strictly correlated to Ether Lock / Time 
Constraints.
 • Bid contracts implement auctions to buy a specific good. These contracts also include ICO and 
Crowdsales. 
• Certification and NFT (CNFT) are contracts certifying the authenticity and the ownership of a 
digital asset.
 • Chain Management (CM) programs implement chain operations, and simplify the interaction 
with the blockchain.
 • Ether Lock / Time Constraints (ELTC) are like Bank contracts, but users cannot retrieve their 
Ether at any time. They must comply with time constraints.
 • Gambling are programs implementing a gambling game. 
• Game category differs from Gambling, because includes skill games, role playing games, etc. 
These contracts provide the possibility to use tokens for shopping particular items.
 • The Money Investment category includes smart contracts where a user can invest his money to 
earn. This category also includes Ponzi schemes [9], which are scams. 
• Token contracts implement tokens and specific operations to deal with them, like exchange and 
burn. 
• Wallet programs act like wallets, performing transactions, storing Ether, etc. Sometimes these 
contracts simplify the interaction with the blockchain such as Chain Management category.
• We considered the documents unrelated to any of the categories above as Unknown (for 
example, Hello World, nonsense operations, and useless mathematical operations programs).
For each category divided by year, highlighting that the most popular trend is undoubtedly the 
token design pattern. It is interesting to notice that the number of CNFT contracts increased over 
time. Indeed, the spreading of NFTs overlaps with the launch of Cryptokitties in November 
2017. We have fewer samples of CNFT representing 2019, but this is due to the lack of contracts 
for that particular year. Looking at the results, we can see that other exciting categories are Bank 
and ELTC, which are strictly correlated as shown by Figure 4. It is fascinating to notice that the 
trends of Bank and ELTC contracts over time almost overlap, giving proof of the correlation 
between these two categories. It is also interesting how the Erthereum blockchain has been 
overused to design Token contracts since its early years; it would be of great interest to analyze 
this particular trend in 2015 and 2016, for which we lack samples. As regards CNFT, their 
appearance increased hugely over time, and it is the most popular trend after the Token design 
pattern.
4 CONCLUSION AND FUTURE WORKS 
As highlighted by the analysis, the two most popular trends are the Token and CNFT design 
patterns, which should not be surprising since the building token was one of the main trends 
since Ethereum’s early years, considering that the standards carried out over time contributed to 
token spreading. CNFTs also include NonFungible-Tokens, whose popularity increased 
exponentially over time; this is also witnessed by the fact that recently companies such as Nike 
and Adidas started to invest in NFTs. The number of samples representing other categories such 
as Chain Management, Money Investment, and Wallet decreased considerably over time. It 
should be emphasized that in 2017 smart contracts were a relatively new technology, and there 
was not a complete awareness of their potential use. Hence, developing programs simplifying the 
interaction with the blockchain and programs whose primary purpose was to manage money 
(along with tokens) were the most common way to use smart contracts. The dataset, which 
includes the most popular trends, is available on Github 4 . We organized the dataset by year, 
and for each year, we provided the corresponding top trending contracts. The repository also 
provides a CSV file reporting address, source code, category, and date for each smart contract. 
Currently, only the most popular trend contracts are available because we aim to collect and 
categorize more samples of the other categories. One of the future works is to collect more 
samples representing the lacking years (like 2015 and 2016). The process of gathering more 
smart contracts makes this work more valuable because: It allows gaining those smart contracts 
for which we don’t have many samples. It increases the representativeness of the dataset. It 
would allow confirming our findings of smart contracts trends or spot new categories. We plan to 
provide the remaining categories of contracts as soon as possible. Also, we spotted several 
vulnerabilities which affect many of the smart contracts samples. In future work, also, we aim to 
provide both the category and the exposure (or exposures) related to contracts.
